Last Update : 2020-11-16 10:30am

Error Message : "Low Paper"

	* This error message only available when Parameter.txt for Client having "CheckPrinterPaperLow" parameter set to "Yes".

	Problem : Nippon NP-3611 printer has low paper. (Will happen normally and daily)
		Or Nippon NP-3611 having Shaft set to wrong chase.

	Advice : 
		1) Change with a new paper roll. (This should be the solution normally and daily)
		2) Else, check Shaft's of Nippon NP-3611 printer set to correct chase.
			This refer to document "NP-3611 Paper Status Calibration.pptx" and "NP-2611_3611_D-F10118-SPEC-R100P1_ENG.pdf"

Error Message : "No Paper"

	Problem : Nippon NP-3611 printer has running out of paper.

Error Message : "Print Head Temp. Error" or "Print Head Open"

	Problem : Print head (Thermal Head) of Nippon NP-3611 printer is failure, 
			print head getting too hot (over 70 celsius), 
			print head damaged, 
			or print head (Thermal Head Cover) not closed properly.

	Advice : Check 'healthy' of the print head, and make sure the print head
		is closed properly when ready.

Error Message : "Printer offine", "Printer connection error", "Printer communication error" OR "Printer Other Error"

	Problem : Printer not switch on.
		Or printer connection problem.
		Or printer connect to wrong port.
		Or PrinterName parameter of Client's Parameter.txt set to wrong printer name.
		Or Windows Default Printer set to non Nippon NP-3611 printer.
		Or Windows Default Printer set to a Nippon NP-3611 printer that is not connected.
	
	Advice : Check printer power. Check printer connection with IPC. Check printer connection port to make sure right port is used.

		In case printer has switch on, conneted and still getting this error, 
		test print the printer (Nippon NP-3611 printer) in Windows
		to realize the correct printer setting (or which printer setting is actually printing). 

			Option a)
			Set the expected Nippon NP-3611 printer as Windows Default Printer. Remove 
			PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt
		
			Option b)
			In Windows printer setting, get the expected printer name of the Nippon NP-3611 printer, 
			and use this name in PrinterName parameter of Client's Parameter.txt .

Error Message (Ignored) : "Suspend printer setting; Wrong printer driver; Please check printer setting and parameter setting"

	Problem : Windows Default Printer has set to a non Nippon NP-3611 printer. 
		Or PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt has set to a non Nippon NP-3611 printer.


Error Message : "Wrong printer driver refer to OS Default Printer setting"

	Problem	: Windows default to a non Nippon NP-3611 printer.

	Advice	: Set the Windows Default printer to a Nippon NP-3611 printer.

Error Message : "No default printer found in operation system"

	Problem : Windows Default Printer is not found.

Error Message : "Wrong printer driver refer to paramter"

	Problem	: Client's Parameter.txt having wrong 
		setting for PrinterName parameter.

	Advice	: 
		Option a) 
			Remove PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt.
			This allows Client Kiosk to get the Windows Default Printer setting. 
			But this Default Printer setting must be a Nippon NP-3611 printer.
			And do test printing with the setting.

		Option b)  
			By specifing a printer name using PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt.
			This printer name is refer to one of Windows printer setting.
			The printer name specified in PrinterName parameter must exactly same as the name 
			defined in the selected Windows printer setting. And 
			the selected Windows printer must be a Nippon NP-3611 printer.
			And do test printing with in Windows Printer Setting.

Error Message : "Invalid Printer Name specification;"

	Problem : No default printer found in Windows and PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt
			has no value.

	Advice	: 
		Option a) 
			Set Windows Default Printer to a Nippon NP-3611 printer. And do test printing with the setting.

		Option b)
			Specifing a printer name using PrinterName parameter in Client's Parameter.txt.
			This printer name is refer to one of Windows printer setting.
			The printer name specified in PrinterName parameter must exactly same as the name 
			defined in the selected Windows printer setting. And 
			the selected Windows printer must be a Nippon NP-3611 printer.
			And do test printing with in Windows Printer Setting.